https://codepen.io/maggieprice-the-encoder/pen/qBBPqPr 


    1. What is Semantic HTML? Semantic HTML describes tags with meaning. 
    2. What is HTML used for? It is used to create a standard for tags used in development.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? Attributes give more information about html elements. We put them in front of links (href).
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? It is the header 1 tag and should only be used once. 
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes input & select
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? DOCTYPE html
    7. What is an id? It is a unique id for html elements and is usually used to point to a style within a stylesheet. 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? All of them. 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Once
    10. What is a class? Class is an attribute that defines equal styles for elements of the same class. 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? All of them. 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? as many as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? Gives alternate info on a picture in case it can't be viewed. 
    15. How do I reference an id? <h3 id="test"><Tester.</h3>
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div sections define larger things like chapters or footers. Divs define divisions or smaller sections within sections. 
    17. What is CSS used for? To style html with color, spacing, etc...
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page h2{color:red;} (for example)
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one id is used to define one thing. Class can define many. ID may be used for a header whereas class may be used for paragraphs.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .class{color:blue;} (for example)
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? It selects all elements that are a child of the parent element. It is useful when styling many separate classes. 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? .sidebar{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector? It is a selector that select specific elements like the last of its type. 
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? Line-height property
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? Letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? Text-transform:lowercase, text-transform: capitalize, text-transform:uppercase
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? Div { {border-style: dotted;
Border-color:black;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? Cd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm filename.ext, it give no warning, it just deletes. 
    34. Why should I use version control? It allows you to go back to previous versions of code to find mistakes and bugs. 
    35. How often should I commit to github? Every 15-20 mins
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. Fork the file, add my TL as a collaborator, clone the repo to git on the computer, create a branch with my first and last name, put pr in new branch, use my own form as the base, add TL as reviewer, homework will be done. 

